Hello again.
So let's try to export a host profile of course after making some it is to export the host's profile
and simply click on that.
You have an option to host profile and you have extract highest profile.
Of course this the second one it will not available if you don't have any host profile available.
If you have zero profile in the hospital fine tape.
This option will not exist but when we are past a hospital fine.
This host will see the other option will be available.
So before that let's make some change in due course so we can have different configuration between.
This is because I host and the other is my host to see the difference.
So for example let's go to
option return but it won't be in into tight configuration.
We try to change the time configuration from manually to use network protocol.
Then we chose for example start and stop but we host the pet store.
And of course we need to get our piece of the A.P. For example let's use our rock.
It's not available in my system but we just put it on a test.
So we changed start and stop with the hosts.
We enable the A.P. service and we add the A.P. server so we click OK.
So we have our change in the time.
Then for example we try to make another change.
To see an example then let's try a security profile and try to enable some surveys.
Check the content.
For example the fire or if you want to change the firewall option we talk a little about this one into
preview.
You can enable and disable any ports in your E-6 host.
Then we have the of be sites where we have the E6 ice share and the option is stop it lets try to enable
them to go to the E6 I ship and chose foreign on stop with the host.
We click start.
Thats when we enable Isak's I shan't and Esch.
So we click on the date by which shows start and stop with the host of course if we leave start and
stop manually and click start.
When we able to do it because the host will change it.
Stop because its need to start again.
But when we chose to stop with the host every time we went to reboot the host will enable its edge.
So we click Start What is it it's running.
OK so we have no time configuration sieging and E-6 i.e. shit is running and S S H is running.
If we checked the other is X I host the E-6 ice shell and it is not running.
You see this one is stop.
And the same for E-6 I number three.
So not we have some difference between.
The difference is host and Dujuan that we make a default configuration.
This is just an example you get the idea.
For example you have are sitting in this host.
You dont need to repeat them I three four five six assembly export the hospital file and then attachés
The difference is a play host to that host profile.
So we click on Nates which shows host profile extractor hosts profile so host profile would give us
for example name based on feek from Essex.
I one just know that this is the county from the try one.
This is the best config.
Do you use x.
In my data center like that any future know that this is the contents of that host profile.
Makes little about quick overview finish and we'll have our hosts profile available.
So when we create the host profile available we can go to the ethics.
I hope that we will want to see that the stitching of its Droguet the hosts provide and we click on
Nates we chose from displays upis should host profile.
The second option is Attash Holst's profile.
So next we'll see how to attach a hospital file and what can happen in the next.